JobStart Labs
Welcome to JobStart Labs, where we believe every career journey begins with the right skills and support. At JobStart Labs, we're dedicated to empowering individuals like you to kickstart your career or make a successful transition into new fields.
Value proposition statement


Learn how to navigate the future of work today.
We are transforming skills development by offering essential, industry-aligned learning pathways that equip learners with job-ready skills.


Call to action: Start learning


Why 


One in four young people are not in employment, education, or training.
Young people persistently struggle to find jobs after they leave school
 
Products & services


Training
We offer training programs with the latest in-demand business and digital skills. 
Call to action: Browse courses


Workforce transition
We work with employers to provide recruitment solutions from a pool of job-ready candidates equipped with in-demand skills.
Call to action: Land your dream job / Partner with us


Career empowerment
For continuous development, we walk with you through your journey of career exploration, change, advancement and reinvention.
Call to action: Get started




About us


Purpose intro
JobStart Labs is a platform that advocates for training and career transformation in today’s in demand transformative skills. We focus on your talent needs and career demands through our training, career tracking and career transition. 
Our innovative training programs are designed to equip you with the essential skills and confidence needed to excel in today's competitive job market. Whether you're a recent graduate looking to land your first job, a career changer seeking a fresh start, or someone ready to re-enter the workforce, JobStart Labs is here to guide you every step of the way.




Vision
Transforming lives through skills development and career opportunities.




Mission
We are committed to bridging the employability gap through skilling and offering better job connections and career empowerment to youth.






Values
Trust
Rely on us. Trust that we are looking out for your needs


Growth 
We advocate for development both personally and professionally


Creativity
We urge you to use an innovative and inspirational approach to life


Collaboration
Working together is the bedrock for accomplishments and greater success




Team
Irene Nandyose
Team lead 


Join our team
We are looking for young & ambitious professionals with a zeal to make a difference.
Educators
Career coaches
Tech team
Business development
Share your profile or Cv